Displaying 25 of 965 matches:
age alone the safety features in this car be while my husband has some injuries
e broke the first week i got them the car seems pricey for an sized but the car
car seems pricey for an sized but the car seats everyone comfortably the hatchb
 the grill in its box would fit in my car it did hatchback closed the car accel
in my car it did hatchback closed the car accelerates and handles great i do se
you is that this is the ultimate city car quick and stylish yet it will pour it
s set agressively this is a versatile car it offers a fun to economical vehicle
r seats folded down i think any other car on the market has all of this i purch
y dilemma i will have to replace this car before the warranty runs out i have h
e to say but i can not recommend this car based on its poor reliability i love 
d on its poor reliability i love this car i have approximately miles on it i li
ly miles on it i like the feel of the car very nicely done and the pick but the
t to the and by far this was the best car if you are looking for a hatchback th
 without folding the seats down great car though wish you could get the options
fortable fuel economy is great though car has open illumination and cold weathe
th the msrp sticker but i imaging the car without it golf clubs fit in the back
verall have to say this is the finest car ever owned if i win the going for an 
s much more fun to drive than my last car grand prix and sometimes i drive past
t my audi about month ago it is an ok car overall but very poor quality so repl
onstantly have to add more oil to the car because light goes on these are just 
my i though it would be an economical car the gas mileage is great on the highw
ou have to buy premium no savings the car is very loud and noisy i drove the dr
 mt for the dsg but after driving the car for a couple of days there was no goi
oing back to a mt for me i drove this car back to back with a and with the dsg 
d given the handling abilities of the car the fit and finish is first in its cl
None
Displaying 25 of 394 matches:
orse than the blows my mind we touch audi again due to audi usa refusing to su
s my mind we touch audi again due to audi usa refusing to suggest fixes differ
home and just keep going i bought my audi about month ago it is an ok car over
id build quality and i just see what audi improved they completely naile this 
t but a bit bigger than i wanted the audi is an awesome car so much fun some f
ogether with the supreb unparalleled audi and high fit and finish and you have
for and pound for pound the best car audi makes excepting for the discontinued
ngthy search i decided to go back to audi owned in the to drive the i noticed 
you the stuff that counts impeccable audi style inside and out can haul a lot 
t makes magic on the got ta love the audi interior quality and standard stereo
first automatic beautiful typical of audi handling beats the tt least my early
t miss the i gas mileage has been an audi has its highs and lows just as any o
types of driving the fsi motors that audi drops in these cars are garbage powe
g about if you look at all the other audi only the has this problem if you are
hanging your oil every miles contact audi usa for your engine replacement i ju
away which is a drag bought my first audi after owning lexus for better mileag
s burning the oil so fast this is my audi and i purchased this one under the a
fuel economy all i would buy another audi without hesitation driving my is bot
it accelerates quite nicely i own an audi and it is very fun to drive and grea
 you want in a car this is my second audi was a audi has definitely stepped up
n a car this is my second audi was a audi has definitely stepped up their game
e is no companison quattros are what audi is all about the cvt transmission is
f it and go back to a quattro had my audi for a year now and very pleased car 
tires are pure junk i never drove an audi until a friend recommended and kept 
d speakers and keeping the head unit audi is definitely the ultimate driving m
None
Displaying 25 of 389 matches:
osed the car accelerates and handles great i do seem to go through tires a and 
is and handling is very good but not great the practicality is what i wanted i 
there without folding the seats down great car though wish you could get the op
ge was not one i but i now find it a great way to make the driving experience m
air more comfortable fuel economy is great though car has open illumination and
old weather package a blast to drive great great acceleration ride is solid and
ather package a blast to drive great great acceleration ride is solid and tight
de is solid and tight steering feels great interior design is excellent sound s
 design is excellent sound system is great like a video game on the quick downs
ar passenger leg room and stops well great mileage in drive wildly fun on mount
an economical car the gas mileage is great on the highway about and is horrible
mpetence with a basic but flawless a great very good gas mileage and totally so
 not in the same and the acura was a great but a bit bigger than i wanted the a
un to drive fast or slow dsg is just great i love this we dumped our touareg of
 looked back that thing was our is a great addition to our and fun at the same 
the best small car i have ever owned great all season i bought my brand new car
d gets noticed in traffic engine has great and the car handles like a dream the
 first saw it and the test drive was great the car is amazing look in first the
r of the cyl is amazing the dsg is a great fun once a guy in a mercedes followe
t a car it is the nav while a bit is great how did i live without it great car 
t is great how did i live without it great car recommend it to anyone kill your
ooks people stare at it all the time great great pickup the mileage has been gr
eople stare at it all the time great great pickup the mileage has been great so
at great pickup the mileage has been great so going to tahoe from the bay i avg
own and still have room for a friend great car for highway or the twisties when
None
Displaying 25 of 304 matches:
                                     drive and was a luxury wagon last week my 
 love the sun roof and moon roof the drive is smooth and the seats are comforta
ission and the package is a blast to drive the steering is a bit light for my t
 and cold weather package a blast to drive great great acceleration ride is sol
room and stops well great mileage in drive wildly fun on mountain roads in spor
want to compromise on performance or drive a huge wagon around there are a lot 
mute is miles it is much more fun to drive than my last car grand prix and some
 last car grand prix and sometimes i drive past home and just keep going i boug
st major problems it is still fun to drive it is not in the but it perform as n
r is very loud and noisy i drove the drive but preferred the the was more respo
back with a and with the dsg i could drive the faster than the mazda on the sam
 same course the is just too easy to drive fast with dsg there is some road noi
t has good performance and is fun to drive fast or slow dsg is just great i lov
e scales this car is such a blast to drive and gets noticed in traffic engine h
 on some roadways overall a blast to drive i was recently driving through mph w
stayed glued to the road front wheel drive handles well in the snow after month
nter and commuting i decided to test drive the with dsg i am not sure which car
mely well balanced for a front wheel drive car and is very fun to drive rear cu
t wheel drive car and is very fun to drive rear cup holders are useless and fra
ther car has the full time all wheel drive and this much power to boot the tran
he since i first saw it and the test drive was great the car is amazing look in
d to go back to audi owned in the to drive the i noticed the and it was love at
hen cruising great stereo fun car to drive sound system is great love how quick
performer as the still pretty fun to drive gets great gas mileage for the perfo
d gas mileage sacrificing the fun to drive shifts faster than any one i know wi
None
Displaying 25 of 285 matches:
re excellent very pleased with the interior quality and look of the i drove th
h the white exterior and dark grey interior this is a good looking but i have 
lid and tight steering feels great interior design is excellent sound system i
ic and i miss the stick at all the interior quality is the seats are not as co
re useless and frail otherwise the interior is very thoughtfully organized nee
ith premium and open sky red black interior the car looks people stare at it a
ive up too the and does it fly the interior is with a clean design we searched
paddle crumple sound system lovely interior rear space for seat exterior desig
ded get up and go well comfortable interior ipod interface good roomy but smal
 illumination package is excellent interior air rear seats steering wheel gas 
 cornering better engine tone than interior build quality and materials are in
ve only ever owned manuals this is interior plastics and overall build handlin
 and fantastic build quality speed interior fit and turbo handling dsg transmi
cellent paint and finish excellent interior though the side seat bolsters are 
perature range on heated seats red interior lighting at night hatch great car 
 magic on the got ta love the audi interior quality and standard stereo is jus
 keeps track speed dsg paddle nice interior design and form function door offe
d color great tactile sense in the interior design my insurance company thinks
leather and are very comfy and the interior is very well assembled only compla
 and bmw series i went with as the interior is superior my so no regrets good 
tomatic also no one beats the audi interior for the money it is better than my
it is better than my brand new bmw interior it is an incredible car for the mo
designed like some competitors the interior is likewise sleek without the bmw 
asically disappears in manual mode interior is second to none and the handling
more than my previous exterior and interior design is awesome i got years mile
None
Displaying 25 of 272 matches:
and the sales associate looked at me like i was crazy for thinking the grill i
r i have approximately miles on it i like the feel of the car very nicely done
beautifully assembled and it handles like a true sport fuel efficiency is aver
 every fuel economy was and you feel like you are glued to the road at highway
n is excellent sound system is great like a video game on the quick downshift 
nually adjust with big wheel to tilt like our vw cabriolet this is a horrible 
 put it through its paces it handles like it is bolted to the road i have take
engine has great and the car handles like a dream the traction control was put
for an or an hoping it will come out like i got rid of my suv but still wanted
 plastics and overall build handling like a slot in sport mode much less turbo
pleasure to drive on miles day seems like it almost turns by itself like a bob
seems like it almost turns by itself like a bobsled by just leaning one way or
e well almost dsg sticks to the road like a bad loves to leather seats are and
excellent condition the car performs like no other car i have had handling rid
enty of looks on the street the just like any drives their windblocker assures
 cup holders and hand break eats oil like there is no tomorrow performance is 
one under the assumption it would be like my oil change every i was wrong the 
 vehicle engine noise the car sounds like a diesel not quiet it will bother yo
lines are sleek and not overdesigned like some competitors the interior is lik
 for a ride truly unfortunate i feel like i need to see the chiropractor after
d i fell in love all over again just like i did when i purchased my first audi
ith the cvt which you can make drive like a regular but that burns more fuel a
s just too and the mb a little too i like the price and stereo in this car the
enomenal the only two things i would like see improved the turbo lag and leg a
 i believe it because of the turbo i like more silent powerful but otherwise e
None
Displaying 25 of 229 matches:
l the is considerably better have an love decided to get an worse mileage than
 car based on its poor reliability i love this car i have approximately miles 
clude both options together i really love the sun roof and moon roof the drive
d my for over a month and absolutley love it the only option i wanted and got 
ive fast or slow dsg is just great i love this we dumped our touareg off and n
 with it until i saw the and fell in love with the looks then i drove no other
o drive the i noticed the and it was love at first stomp on the gas the dsg is
n car to drive sound system is great love how quickly the car shifts in automa
es a cool vibe and lots of fresh air love it great brakes you the stuff that c
hatchback easy to park trip computer love the nice torque on the and the fine 
 paddle it makes magic on the got ta love the audi interior quality and standa
sures your perfect hair day ruined i love how fast the top closes and how litt
ls and upgraded leather i absolutely love this car we had a litre before and w
 it all for and i mean all overall i love it and recommend it to anybody out t
 gas this is my second and i fell in love all over again just like i did when 
e style and luxury of a great german love my new audi it is really fun to driv
 safe vehicle for me and my family i love the disk changer and the body style 
ng long time this is one great car i love how agile it is handling is superb a
 three vws before this and so far in love with the i miss the power off the li
ld i purchase one if i had the yes i love the way it the ergonomics and interi
d has proven to be at least for me i love the growl and i recently purchased a
ht my and i am extremely satisfied i love the how it everything very satisfied
ded creature so is the compatibility love this purchased this vehicle about a 
icle have owned the car for days and love went with fwd and cvt due to price w
i have had this car two months and i love driving it this car is really nimble
None
Displaying 25 of 212 matches:
it displayed very little wear after driving it for a month in icy and snowy con
the power and about in mixed winter driving the tends to be very touchy when ac
purchase this also very noisy while driving past mph especially if you get the 
a longer wheel base but since of my driving is in the i be happier with my choi
now find it a great way to make the driving experience more enjoyable the only 
ble as the but still fine for daily driving the open sky system is a probably n
urchased my after much research and driving the competition i kept coming back 
ive up the mt for the dsg but after driving the car for a couple of days there 
y naile this if i ever get tired of driving this you best believe i will be ser
ught my new awd quattro today after driving the volvo and the acura the volvo w
all a blast to drive i was recently driving through mph winds at mph and the ca
i in the market for a new car i was driving a gti and was pretty happy with it 
crisis car but she looks pretty hot driving it herself bought the car with prem
he twisties when you can a month of driving the and still great car that combin
winner nothing even compared to the driving performance of the you know if from
 car has a ver small ideal for city driving and parking third coming on the hee
matic dsg tranny is great for urban driving more fun than a traditional less wo
o key looks i get on the road while driving dsg open exterior good gas mileage 
s very comfortable for all types of driving the fsi motors that audi drops in t
 better and i was right right after driving out of the dealership with miles on
buy another audi without hesitation driving my is both comfortable and fun it i
 a it gets over miles to the gallon driving it long home in the pouring rain an
couple thousand dollars i have been driving for the last but just purchased a t
ad problem consistent mpg even with driving at mph highly i have been real disa
nit audi is definitely the ultimate driving machine i avant is agile on the roa
None
Displaying 25 of 174 matches:
 impressed the stock all season tires get the job done but the fronts are worn 
erably better have an love decided to get an worse mileage than our turns rpms 
i had to bring my vehicle in times to get this fixed the pirelli tires that com
le driving past mph especially if you get the roof which are also junk mine bro
 by a liter engine but providing more get up and go than many larger engines in
 down great car though wish you could get the options offered on the web at the
riosity and that was the one i had to get outside the trip i took to break it p
e in the city and stop and go where i get about considering that you have to bu
 they completely naile this if i ever get tired of driving this you best believ
ommend it to anyone kill your suv and get this be glad you did let anyone call 
 with yet makes for a nice ride i can get all the nine luggage pieces of my dru
rt story i needed to trade in the and get something a little more practical as 
small and with the cd system included get up and go well comfortable interior i
ront cupholders fuel auto key looks i get on the road while driving dsg open ex
ine is kind of noisy the muffler tips get black quickly no clue why mine is aut
he way down or all the way up hard to get it right where you want it arm rest d
 from a stop is a little but once you get it accelerates quite nicely i own an 
 first drive which has taken a bit to get used other than i am still satisfied 
is fast and comfortable but i plan to get rid of it and go back to a quattro ha
ar is governed for rides well and can get mpg at mph around town if you go mph 
ound town if you go mph it is easy to get mpg bought an bmw and got out of it m
d a blast to drive for the you really get a lot for your money most i feel firm
th in car and had to open the door to get the and this is all on the original t
me in this class it is a second so it get its fair share of outdoor time i keep
nd looks great with the aluminum trim get all bells and whistles since inventor
None
Displaying 25 of 169 matches:
                                      fun to drive and was a luxury wagon last 
y this is a versatile car it offers a fun to economical vehicle that can also h
ought that a really could not be that fun to or perform well i was wrong the wi
in a blink i upgraded from a very but fun to vw jetta i was nervous about stayi
ps well great mileage in drive wildly fun on mountain roads in sport mode bluet
aint commute is miles it is much more fun to drive than my last car grand prix 
e are just major problems it is still fun to drive it is not in the but it perf
ed the audi is an awesome car so much fun some folks say that the power gain in
ed yet it has good performance and is fun to drive fast or slow dsg is just gre
as our is a great addition to our and fun at the same time if you are over i wo
ot near miles and no warranty returns fun and sporty as the owner of an i am a 
h dsg i am not sure which car is more fun to the dsg is such a seamless at that
r a front wheel drive car and is very fun to drive rear cup holders are useless
the cyl is amazing the dsg is a great fun once a guy in a mercedes followed me 
t just means i am in for whole lot of fun my wife calls this my crisis car but 
great car that combines function with fun had my for about a month and be more 
xterior design and overall looks very fun to use the paddle shifting and s tran
t is quiet when cruising great stereo fun car to drive sound system is great lo
ranny is great for urban driving more fun than a traditional less work than a c
ear the performer as the still pretty fun to drive gets great gas mileage for t
rior good gas mileage sacrificing the fun to drive shifts faster than any one i
 are and this car makes a yr old have fun thought miss the i gas mileage has be
 make out on the road i have had some fun with my it is very comfortable for al
quickly no clue why mine is automatic fun to drive comfortable and everything w
on driving my is both comfortable and fun it is especially nice on the freeway 
None
